I'm a white guy from Goianesia
protect us and we end up
in this video to show you a
few of the differentials of the
porters program during the people
launched a few months later is much
It's cool, I wanted to pass on to you.
the first thing that changed in mourning is the
his installation system was very
more simplified is within the
kit product packaging
both the ex porter in the electronic portal
with three parts the first internal street of
installation that comes with high and back
all clubs product falchions is it
is installed a man who does not have
need to open the street bar is and
we do not have contact with the electronic part
internal when not working that solved
use that part that comes across the load
including a material in the amount of
the product was not changed
the installation standard electric wire morning
after that you already have a hint of
install a boot to do
its action only learned to produce a tip
the same note the sunshine cv fla
simple that is in the back part you have
whole generation that also accompanies in the
inside part
so you have to make love in the pacha
as I said the same number looks
here in their video
we connect you then campaign
here you will connect the respective source
already connected
You can see that there is the lion in the
front
the audio system side of the button button
to talk to other nations
I will never show you and decide
here there is only a discrete increase in
battle that is in the emotional part will
demonstrate you also the activation of
in the period closed the neighbor of
Young did not we also do
installation
here is the game that I will only know
generous human to take advantage of
show the safety assurance and speak
the other differential that we put
on the product is also a more
waterproof
then the vertical protection that you
have a raincoat
We recommend installing on
external environment today is this product
also firm protection of living water is
is an air pressure
The rain front is windy and comes the
I was even on the sidewalk and then
it was in the product
here you have if then a class has
that enter the region all the wheel the
only means of setting up a plot if
to pass from that little hole here behind him
has another screen working
I've been that I still feel some
routine since he has a career that
remember sauron enel weighs in that hour that
the title stays there is the necklace so do not
made no contact of water to the appliance
e such that the sharing of
material so you have so much protection
vertical position for inflation
of the year also found and finally the
Brazil that we had already shown
when operating in the east sequence that
is lit all the time and improves the
design scoreboard just a minute away you
also come back at night on a
dark and I got a lot of attention from
who will trigger include this
material conversation is all
differentials meet past a video of
today they are well disposed in their own
packing material
on the back will also be a study for
improve the pee issue of the material
the point of sale so this is one of
you in relation to the products are obliged
folks